# GroestlCoin
Specifications Algorithm: Grøstl (http://www.groestl.info/) Specifications PDF:  http://www.groestl.info/Groestl.pdf Total coins:  105 000 000 GRS Block time: 60  seconds Difficulty adjustment: Dark Gravity Wave version 3 Confirmations on Transactions: 6 Mined coins mature in 140 blocks P2P port: 1331 RPC port: 1441 Fees: Minimum transaction fee of 0.02 GRS Secure and Open Source GPU and CPU friendly (GPU is just 10-20 times faster than CPU, for example Intel Core2Quad 9550 = 1.18Mh/s; Radeon R9 280X = 15Mh/s, Radeon R9 290 = 17 Mh/s) Lowest energy and heat when GPU mining (even lower than X11 algo) ASIC-free No multipools Premine: 240,640 GRS (0.22918095% total) We are now a 0% pre-mine as the entire pre-mine has been given away or used for development.  Is a cryptocurrency utilizing Proof of Work – No ASIC currently exists for Groestl &amp; it is unlikely that one will be developed for it anytime soon. GroestlCoin will be ASIC-free for the foreseeable future. – Through these features GroestlCoin embodies the fairly distributed &amp; decentralized nature of Cryptocurrency. Anyone can mine effectively, with minimal resource consumption and nuisance. – With the influx of ASICs we thought decentralized mining will soon be dead, with GroestlCoin it is reborn and taken to another level. – The extra added value of Groestl is that the “richer advantage” (owning several GPU) is less interesting with Groestl; so fairer. – Stands for democratization of currency and mining, the ability to send and receive money immediately anywhere in the world, to not pay expensive banking fees, and to transact in an environment that is secure and anonymous. – Through an innovative algorithm, the Groestlcoin network consumes far less energy, maintains stronger security, and rewards miners in more sustainable ways than sha256, scrypt, x11 and x13 based coins. – Grostl will be the new greener home of GPU miners as it offers greater hashing results with less energy and heat. – We strive to make groestlcoin available to the masses. Innovative and user friendly, accessible for everyone. We highly value integrity and transparency. Digital currencies are the future and Groestlcoin will be one of the leaders in this revolution. | 
